Dogtooth
1_39
  (Haxan) The dad in this makes me want to start my own cult. Anything available to give me tips on the occult lore for that?
1_247
  (Tie me up) Confining and controlling someone is a pretty good way of showing you care, right? I'm in the mood for a love story next...
1_248
  (What have I Done) More weird dental hijinks, please! Got anything with a pedophile dentist in it?

Shutter Island
2_228
(Arrival) I think I need a linguist to help me understand all those thick fake Boston accents!

2_55
(The Man Who Killed Don Quixote) Lighthouses are cool, but what really turns me on is windmills...

2_224
(Lola) More seaside antics, but fewer rats please!

There Will Be Blood
3_30
(Grizzly Man) Not nearly as much blood as promised. Can we get an actual grizzly bear attack or something? 

3_86
(Wings of Hope) Too dry and dusty for me. Got anything in a damper setting?

3_225
(Stolen Kisses) I wish I were drinking a milkshake in Paris right now...

Rent

4_56
(Delicatessen) Landlords suck! You can't get a landlord much worse than the one in this movie, right? I mean, right?

4_215
(Made in USA) This was very loosely based on an opera set in Paris, and moved to New York, right? Got anything where we go the other direction and take a hard-boiled novel in the U.S. and set it in Paris with some of the genders flipped? 

4_168
(Mauvais Sang) I love movies about blood-borne illnesses. Show me more!

Rock n Roll High School

5_22
(Fata Morgana) It seems to me that life is an illusion and the Ramones themselves are but a mirage. Let's contemplate this a bit...

5_226
(Bed and Board) Food for thought: If Mama Ramone gave birth to another one, what should she name him? Is Alphonse too provincial? Should she call him Ghislain instead? Let's reason this out.

5_35
(Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life) There's no way some dudes as funny looking as the Ramones would have gorgeous women swooning over them in real life, right? Right? 

Parasite
6_93
(How Much Wood...) Bet they could cut down on that 132 minute runtime if everyone talked a bit faster...

6_139
(Peeping Tom) Pretty creepy thing about other people living in the same place you do possibly spying on you...show me more!

6_49
(Ivan's Childhood) That kid was pretty stealthy! Bet his skills could have been applied pretty well in wartime...

Battleship Potemkin
7_36
(Grizzly Man)

7_41
(Poison)

7_216
(Antoine et Colette)

