TITLE: Arrival
TEXT PLACEHOLDER 227
<P>
This is the movie you thought was <I>Interstellar</I> that multiple friends told you to watch. You are just now getting around to watching it and fixing an anomaly in the universe. People think you will like this for a variety of reasons. It's "smart" sci-fi, there's a linguistics element to it, and it has quite a good stirring soundtrack. And the smoke aliens are quite spooky and weird and atmospheric. Plus there's a "twist" that is only slightly ruined for you going in since you immediately forget it is a key part of the plot.
<P>
In the end, it's pretty okay, especially for a "Hollywood blockbuster" sort of sci-fi film. From what you can tell, it's beautifully shot, but on your phone or laptop screen it is <I>very</I> dark. You can barely see what is happening for good chunks of the film. This hampers your enjoyment a bit, but that's what you get for not seeing it in the theater like blockbusters are meant to be seen. 	<P>
It feels like a cop-out making excuses for films in this matter, but to some degree it's also true. Most films were not meant for you to watch on a cell phone screen while waiting on a bus in the afternoon sun. They are not meant for watching on a laptop screen while having your morning tea at a coffee shop. Some films want to show you intoxicating chiaroscuro mixes of black and grey while rattling your bones with loud Dolby soundtrack. They demand your undivided attention for an entire three hours with no ability to pause or go back and review what you may have missed. They don't want your eyes drawn down looking at closed captions, they want every bit of your focus on the screen. They don't want you pausing and looking at Wikipedia, they want an informed audience who already knows everything they are supposed to know to enjoy it going in. Patient genius viewers under ideal conditions. Sorry if you can't understand Amy Adams if she mumbles a few lines. Too bad if you can't understand some other actor's unexpected New Zealand accent. Keep up, dummy.
